# packages in environment at /opt/homebrew/Caskroom/miniforge/base/envs/foundation:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_py-xgboost-mutex         2.0                       cpu_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.1            py39h5161555_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.2            py39h2804cbe_2    conda-forge
async-generator           1.10                     pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.10.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h3422bc3_6    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h3422bc3_6    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h5161555_1003    conda-forge
bs4                       4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.8            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
cachetools                4.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.10.8        py39h2804cbe_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0           py39h52b1de0_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              36.0.1           py39hfb8cd70_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.5.1            py39hfb83b0d_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.28.5           py39h5161555_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h17b34a0_1    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.2.0            py39h5161555_1    conda-forge
google-api-core           2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-core-grpc      2.4.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               2.3.3              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         2.2.1              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-datastore    2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      2.0.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.1.2            py39h141a0e2_2    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    2.1.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.54.0           py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.43.0           py39h9e1b6db_0    conda-forge
grpcio-status             1.41.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h11                       0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.1                pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
imbalanced-learn          0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.6.0            py39h32adebf_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.30.1           py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h3422bc3_2003    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1           py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h27ca646_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.9.1            py39h2804cbe_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.2            py39h4d2d688_1    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 had6a04f_0    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  hbdafb3b_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           12_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h3422bc3_6    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h3422bc3_6    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h3422bc3_6    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           12_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                hbdafb3b_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    12.0.1               h168391b_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.8                  h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0.dev0      11_0_1_hf114ba7_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.0.1.dev0         hf114ba7_23    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           12_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.18          openmp_h5dd58f0_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hf7e6567_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.19.3               hccf11d3_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                h74060c4_2    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
libxgboost                1.5.1                hcfdfaf5_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            hee7b306_1013    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               12.0.1               hf3c4609_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.1            py39hdf13c20_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.1            py39h5aa4fe7_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 5.2.0            py39h5161555_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h9aa5885_4    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.21.5           py39h47fb9ce_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h062765e_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1l               h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
outcome                   1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.3.5            py39h7f752ed_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.4.0            py39ha74c66e_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.24             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
proto-plus                1.19.8             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.19.3           py39hfb83b0d_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
py-xgboost                1.5.1            py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 21.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39h2804cbe_4    conda-forge
python                    3.9.1           hcbd9b3a_5_cpython    conda-forge
python-chromedriver-binary 2.42.0                     py_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.3.0           py39h02c6a76_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  hedafd6a_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.26.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rsa                       4.8                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.0.1            py39hef7049f_3    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.3            py39h5060c3b_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
selenium                  4.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                59.8.0           py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sortedcontainers          2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.37.0               h72a2b83_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.1           py39h20ef057_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.0.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.11               he1e0b03_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h5161555_2    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.62.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trio                      0.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
trio-websocket            0.9.2                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.0.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.0.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021e                he74cb21_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.7             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wsproto                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
xgboost                   1.5.1            py39ha480839_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h642e427_1    conda-forge
yarl                      1.7.2            py39h5161555_1    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            hee7b306_1013    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.1                h861e0a7_0    conda-forge
